many a time people say to me Manju
cooking curries takes ages and it's
really difficult so I'm gonna show you
how to make a quick chicken curry using
a few basic ingredients and five simple
spices here are my ingredients I've got
some onions chicken breasts the spices
turmeric cumin coriander garam masala
and chili powder some tomato puree a bit
of ginger and some garlic so first of
all we're gonna heat some oil up and I'm
gonna use vegetable oil for this once
the oil is heated up I'm going to add my
sliced onions now you can chop your
onions but for speed I've just sliced
them give that a quick mix and break up
some of the onion pieces and separate
them if you haven't already once you've
done that add your chicken and I've
chopped mine into two centimeter cubes
bite-sized pieces and give it another
stir
and you fry your chicken and onions for
about 8 to 10 minutes until the chicken
turns white on the outside you must cook
your chicken thoroughly for at least 10
minutes but because I've broken them
into bite-size pieces the process should
be quicker but I'm going to definitely
give this 10 minutes and while the
chicken is frying away along with the
onions you tip in your garlic which you
can chop slice or crush and give it
another stir the next stage is to mix up
my spices with the tomato puree and oil
and make a curry paste out of them so
I'm gonna tip them in a little Bowl add
some tomato puree and just a touch of
oil and the oil eases the blending so
just stir it all up
and as you can see here it's a lovely
thick curry paste the chicken is cooked
on the outside as you can see and it's
beginning to actually turn brown as well
and now I'm going to add my lovely curry
paste and it goes
let the spices fry along with the
chicken for about a minute and if you
want a thicker sauce just add a touch of
water about six tablespoons give it
another stir put the heat on low and let
that simmer for about five minutes and
then you add your grated ginger
now I've peeled the outer layer of the
ginger it doesn't matter if you keep the
skin on but I've peeled it and just
grate it on top and you can add ginger
at the end of cooking or during the
cooking process that's lovely
well the chickens done it's looking
lovely and red so I'm just going to add
some chopped coriander leaves on top for
garnish take it off the heat and serve
these with pita breads or some plain
basmati rice and there's your quick
chicken curry
you